[tune] Improve user guides and API docs (#7716)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/tune/guides/plot_tune-advanced-tutorial.rst

Guide to Population Based Training (PBT)
========================================

Tune includes a distributed implementation of `Population Based Training (PBT) <https://deepmind.com/blog/population-based-training-neural-networks>`__ as
a :ref:`scheduler <tune-scheduler-pbt>`.

.. image:: /images/tune_advanced_paper1.png

> PBT starts by training many neural networks in parallel with random hyperparameters, using information from the rest of the population to refine the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PBT starts by training many neural networks in parallel with random hyperparameters, using information from the rest of the population to refine these
```

    plt.legend()
    plt.show()

.. image:: /images/tune_advanced_dcgan_Gloss.png

> Training of the MNist Generator takes about several minutes. The example can be easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Training of the MNist Generator takes a couple of minutes. The example can be easily
```

> altered to generate images for other dataset, e.g. cifar10 or LSUN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
altered to generate images for other datasets, e.g. cifar10 or LSUN.
```
